Voting Rights Proposal Draft 1 (#4)
california-jugger/charter: charter.md

## ORGANIZATION STRUCTURE
CAJA comprises all teams within California who voluntarily participate in the organization. The official functions of CAJA are performed by two bodies: the **voting council** and **executive committee**.

**Voting Council:** One member per active member club who votes on major matters, and one miscellaneous member vote. Clubs with a vote choose their own representatives.  

>   - Application onto the voting council is listed in the 'Voting Rights' section.

Reviewer: [nit] link to actual header
```suggestion
  - Application onto the voting council is listed in the [Voting Rights](#voting-rights) section.
```

2. A club must run at least two practices each quarter that are directly overseen by the clubs leadership - attending a practice hosted by a seperate club does not count to this.
   a. A practice is defined by CAJA an event hosted by the club with the intent of playing and facilitating the sport of jugger, with at least 5 people present over the course of the practice.
3. A club has at least five active players.
   
Each club is given one vote, and there is always a miscellaneous vote. Votes do not scale with club size.
A club may apply for voting rights via the following application method;

1. A member of club leadership (hereby referred to as the officer) should make a post in the "voting-issues" forum channel in the California Jugger discord titled "(Team Name) VOTING COUNCIL APPLICATION"
2. Within the application, the officer should list;
    a. The name of the club.
    b. The geographical location of the club.
    c. The current active number of players.
    d. The location of practices, and when they are run.
    e. The distinction of the club from other nearby jugger clubs, if necessary.

> 3. (?) The officer should then provide at least 2 forms of photographic or video evidence of a practice.

Reviewer: another nitpick

```suggestion
3. The officer should then provide at least 2 forms of photo or video evidence of a practice.
```
remove `(?)` and sync wording (if 'photographic' why not 'videographic')

The legitimacy of the application is down to the discretion of the voting council. The clubs entrance into the voting council will be voted upon at the next general meeting *at least fourteen days* after the initial request is made.

> One miscellaneous vote is to be provided. The miscellaneous vote must have at least 2 players represented under the vote to be active. The vote aims to capture the thoughts of players who *do not feel represented under any club vote in voting council* and *are not connected to enough players in their area to form a new club*. 

Reviewer: I'm not entirely convinced that the miscellaneous vote is worth including. It seems like a lot of overhead for something that will only ever barely influence the result of any decision, and there are still a few questions:
- if multiple people want to be represented by the miscellaneous vote, must they agree?
- if players are not close enough to a team to play and have less than five people locally, how are they doing anything beyond basic sparring? does that count as "jugger" [towards the goals of CAJA as an org] enough that they should be able to cancel out an entire club's vote?
    - would restricting voting priviledges to clubs help incentivize incorporation (or would it just make it harder to get started)?
